---
layout: page
title: Request for Applications
longtitle: Request for Applications to Attend DAIDD 2017
subtitle: Clinic on Dynamical Approaches to Infectious Disease Data
tab: DAIDD
applink: https://ugeorgia.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_8CgSigl2zn3ZqsZ
alerttype: danger
alertmsg: The deadline for receipt of applications is <strong>September 15</strong> for applicants based at institutions outside the US and <strong>October 15</strong> US-based applicants. Late or incomplete applications will not be considered.
---

The International Clinics on Infectious Disease Dynamics and Data (ICI3D) Program invites applications to the fifth annual Clinic on Dynamical Approaches to Infectious Disease Data (DAIDD). This 1-week intensive modeling clinic will provide an introduction to dynamical models used in the study of infectious disease dynamics. The Clinic will bring together graduate students, postdoctoral students, and researchers from North America and Africa, and instruction will focus on how the complex dynamics of pathogen transmission influence study design and data collection for addressing problems in infectious disease research.

The Clinic will consist of a series of interactive lectures and tutorials that will guide participants through the uses of dynamical modeling in epidemiology. Various modeling paradigms will be discussed, with a particular focus on the development of compartmental models, and participants will be given guidance regarding the appropriate use of models to address their own research questions. Working closely with their peers and with Clinic faculty, each participant will develop a research plan that describes a roadmap for integration of dynamic modeling with data collection and/or analysis in a study system of their choosing. The research plan can be used as a framework for grant or dissertation proposals when participants return to their home institutions.

**Students and researchers with a demonstrated interest in infectious disease research are encouraged to apply. Applicants with a good grounding in statistics and experience with data collection will be preferred. This workshop is not intended for those with substantial prior experience in dynamical modeling.**

Funding is available to cover room and board for Clinic participants from the US and Africa. Additional funds to support travel are available for a small number of participants and may be requested during the application process but are not guaranteed. The application process for the Clinic is expected to be highly competitive.

- The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at institutions outside the US_ for DAIDD 2017 is September 15, 2017 at 5pm Eastern.
- **The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at US institutions_ for DAIDD 2017 has been extended to October 15, 2017 at 5pm Eastern.**

Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. **Application instructions are available via the application form on the UGA website.**

{%if page.alerttype == "success"%}
[Apply now »]({{page.applink}} "Application Form"){:class="btn btn-{{page.alerttype}} btn-lg btn-rounded-3x"}
{%endif%}
