---
layout: page
title: Request for Applications
subtitle: Clinic on Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data
tab: MMED
alerttype: info
alertmsg: The seventh annual <strong>Clinic on the Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data (MMED)</strong> will be held May 30 - June 10, 2016 at the African Institute for Mathematical Science in Muizenberg, South Africa.
---
The International Clinics on Infectious Disease Dynamics and Data (ICI3D) Program invites applications to the seventh annual Clinic on Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data (MMED). This 2-week modeling clinic will bring together graduate students, postdoctoral scholars, and other researchers from North America and Africa, with the goal of engaging the participants in epidemiological modeling projects that use real data to grapple with practical questions in a meaningful way.

The Clinic will consist of a series of lectures, discussions, and tutorials that will guide participants through the process of developing data‐based, dynamical models of disease spread and using models to answer public health questions. Participants are encouraged to bring data sets and questions to the Clinic, and to start collaborative projects with each other or the organizers. Various statistical and dynamical modeling paradigms will be explored. Computer exercises and group projects will reinforce and extend the concepts covered, and participants will gain experience using tools such as R, R Studio, git, and GitHub for collaborative projects. Please review [the schedule from MMED 2015](http://mmed2015.ici3d.org/schedule) for additional information on the topics covered.

During the first week of the Clinic, all participants will be required to present on previous or ongoing research that is related to the Clinic's themes. Participants are encouraged to continue research projects begun during the Clinic when they return to their home institutions and will be required to complete a written report on group projects.

Students and researchers with a demonstrated interest in infectious disease research are encouraged to apply. The Clinic is targeted towards participants with strong quantitative backgrounds and some prior knowledge of mathematical modeling in epidemiology but limited experience integrating data and models to address applied questions in infectious disease dynamics.

Funding is available to cover room, board and travel costs for a limited number of Clinic participants from the US and Africa. The application process for the Clinic is highly competitive. Preference will be given to applicants that have the most to gain from Clinic participation.

- The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at North American institutions_ for MMED 2016 is February 15, 2016 at 5pm Eastern.
- The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at African institutions_ for MMED 2016 is March 1, 2016 at 5pm Eastern.

Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. Application instructions are available on the Application Form.

{%if page.alerttype == "info"%}
[Apply now »](http://epi.ufl.edu/ici3d/mmed-application-form/ "Application Form"){:class="btn btn-{{page.alerttype}} btn-lg"}
{%endif%}
