---
layout: page
title: Request for Applications
subtitle: Clinic on Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data
---
The International Clinics on Infectious Disease Dynamics and Data (ICI3D) Program invites applications to the fourth annual Clinic on the Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data (MMED), which will be held at the African Institute for Mathematical Science in Muizenberg, South Africa on June 2-13, 2014.

The Clinic will consist of a series of discussions and tutorials that will guide participants through the process of data-based, dynamical modeling of disease spread. Participants are encouraged to bring data sets and questions to the Clinic, and to start collaborative projects with each other or the organizers. All participants will be required to present on previous or ongoing research that is related to the Clinic's themes. Various statistical and dynamical modeling paradigms will be discussed. Computer exercises and group projects will reinforce and extend the various concepts covered. Participants are encouraged to continue research projects begun during the Clinic when they return to their home institutions and will be required to complete a written report on group projects.

**Students and researchers with a demonstrated interest in infectious disease research are encouraged to apply. The Clinic is targeted towards those with prior knowledge of mathematical epidemiology, but who have not yet established themselves in the field. Preference will be given to applicants that have the most to gain from Clinic participation.**

Funding is available to cover room, board and travel costs for a limited number of Clinic participants from the US and Africa. The application process for the Clinic is expected to be highly competitive.

**The deadline for receipt of applications for MMED 2014 is February 17, 2014. Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. Application instructions are available on the Application Form.**

#### Note to applicants based at institutions in Africa:

[SACEMA](http://www.sacema.com/ "SACEMA") runs the applications process for applicants based at African institutions and has a later deadline. You may submit your application directly to SACEMA by following the instructions on their website. If you submit an application through the ICI3D Program website by the February 17 deadline, your application will be automatically forwarded to SACEMA for consideration.
