---
layout: page
title: Request for Applications
subtitle: Clinic on Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data
tab: MMED
alerttype: info
---
The International Clinics on Infectious Disease Dynamics and Data (ICI3D) Program invites applications to the sixth annual Clinic on the Meaningful Modeling of Epidemiological Data (MMED), which will be held at the African Institute for Mathematical Science in Muizenberg, South Africa in May/June 2015.

The Clinic will consist of a series of discussions and tutorials that will guide participants through the process of data‐based, dynamical models of disease spread. Participants are encouraged to bring data sets and questions to the Clinic, and to start collaborative projects with each other or the organizers. Various statistical and dynamical modeling paradigms will be discussed. Computer exercises and group projects will reinforce and extend the various concepts covered. Participants are encouraged to continue research projects begun during the Clinic when they return to their home institutions and will be required to complete a written report on group projects.

**Students and researchers with a demonstrated interest in infectious disease research are encouraged to apply. The Clinic is targeted towards students and researchers that have prior knowledge of mathematical modeling in epidemiology but have not yet established themselves in the field. During the first week of the Clinic, all participants will be required to present on previous or ongoing research that is related to the Clinic's themes.**

Funding is available to cover room, board and travel costs for a limited number of Clinic participants from the US and Africa. The application process for the Clinic is expected to be highly competitive. Preference will be given to applicants that have the most to gain from Clinic participation.

- The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at North American institutions_ for MMED 2015 is February 15, 2014 at 5pm Eastern.
- The deadline for receipt of applications from _individuals based at African institutions_ for MMED 2015 is March 1, 2014 at 5pm Eastern.

Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. Application instructions are available on the Application Form.

{%if page.alerttype == "info"%}
[Apply now »](http://epi.ufl.edu/ici3d/mmed-application-form/ "Application Form"){:class="btn btn-{{page.alerttype}} btn-lg"}
{%endif%}
